Add restrictions to precompiled plugins so they can't conflict with core plugins (#18279)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/developing-plugins/custom_plugins.adoc

In addition to plugins written as standalone projects, Gradle also allows you to provide build logic written in either Groovy or Kotlin DSLs as precompiled script plugins. You write these as `\*.gradle` files in `src/main/groovy`
directory or `*.gradle.kts` files in `src/main/kotlin` directory.

[WARNING]
====

> Precompiled script plugin names have two important limitations: they cannot start with `org.gradle` and they cannot be the same as a built-in plugin ID. This ensures that the precompiled script plugins won't be silently ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Precompiled script plugin names have two important limitations:

   * They cannot start with `org.gradle`.
   * They cannot have the same name as a built-in plugin id.

This ensures that the precompiled script plugins won't be silently ignored.
```

Author: fixed

> There are two important limitations for declaring precompiled script plugins: they cannot be declared in the `org.gradle` package, and they cannot have a name that is equal to a built-in plugin's ID. This ensures that the precompiled script plugins won't be silently ignored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Precompiled script plugin names have two important limitations: they cannot start with `org.gradle` and they cannot be the same as a built-in plugin ID. This ensures that the precompiled script plugins won't be silently ignored.
```

> There are two important limitations for declaring precompiled script plugins: they cannot be declared in the `org.gradle` package, and they cannot have the name that is equal to a built-in plugin's ID. This ensures that the script plugin applications won't be silently ignored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are two important limitations for declaring precompiled script plugins: they cannot be declared in the `org.gradle` package, and they cannot have a name that is equal to a built-in plugin's ID. This ensures that the script plugin applications won't be silently ignored.
```

Author: Done
